;material list (MAX variant)

;header

materialmax   = 18

matdesc0      = Grass
matwave0      = grass
matfreq0      = 22050
matdecal0     = dust

matdesc1      = Stone
matwave1      = gravel
matfreq1      = 22050
matdecal1     = impact

matdesc2      = Metal
matwave2      = metal
matfreq2      = 22050
matdecal2     = sparks

matdesc3      = Wood
matwave3      = wood
matfreq3      = 22050
matdecal3     = splinters

matdesc6      = Snow
matwave6      = snow
matfreq6      = 22050
matdecal6     = 

matdesc10     = Tarmak
matwave10     = tarmak
matfreq10     = 22050
matdecal10    = impact

matdesc11     = Dirt
matwave11     = dirt
matfreq11     = 22050
matdecal11    = dust

matdesc13     = Sand
matwave13     = sand
matfreq13     = 22050
matdecal13    = dust

matdesc17     = Puddle
matwave17     = puddle
matfreq17     = 22050
matdecal17    =

matdesc18     = Underwater
matwave18     = underwater
matfreq18     = 22050
matdecal18    =
